Proposal: Building a versioning plugin for Thanos (#2554)
thanos-io/thanos: docs/proposals/version_documentation.md

# Requirements

### User Story (Latest)

* As a Thanos developer, I want to be able to just write docs for my current `master` version
* As a Thanos developer, I want to build website within versioned docs with a single action
* As a Thanos developer, I don't want to store in a single repository version duplicated docs

### User Story (Previous release)

* As a Thanos developer, I want to be able to fix docs for certain previous release.
* As a Thanos user, I want to be able to read docs for older version of Thanos

### Use Case

#### Users
Thanos Developers, Hugo developers, and General Users

#### Precondition
The user visits the Thanos Documentation Page

#### Basic Course Of Events

1. The User indicates that the site is to show a list of docs (both latest and previous releases) by clicking the version picker (dropdown)

2. The site responds by displaying a list of versions allowing the user to make a selection.

3. User makes selection and the required docs renders on the page/site.

#### Postcondition

The site now has a version picker containing a list of versioned docs consisting of both latest and older versions.

# Proposed Solution

## 1. Version Picker

> Currently, the documentation is residing under the docs/ folder of Thanos repository. It is built by Hugo. It will have a proper drop-down menu just like prometheus [`drop-down menu`](https://prometheus.io/docs/introduction/overview/) which will enable proper versioning. This user facing tool will be built using HTML and CSS

Reviewer: s/user facing/user-facing/

Reviewer: Let's add a final period to the last sentence

Reviewer: Small typo, let's change to:
```suggestion
Currently, the documentation resides under the docs/ folder of the Thanos repository. It is built by Hugo. It will have a proper drop-down menu just like prometheus [`drop-down menu`](https://prometheus.io/docs/introduction/overview/) which will enable proper versioning. This use-facing tool will be built using HTML and CSS.
```

> Currently, the documentation is residing under the docs/ folder of Thanos repository. It is built by Hugo. It will have a proper drop-down menu just like prometheus [`drop-down menu`](https://prometheus.io/docs/introduction/overview/) which will enable proper versioning. This user facing tool will be built using HTML and CSS

Reviewer: Small typo:
```suggestion
Currently, the documentation resides under the docs/ folder of the Thanos repository. It is built by Hugo. It will have a proper drop-down menu just like prometheus [`drop-down menu`](https://prometheus.io/docs/introduction/overview/) which will enable proper versioning. This user-facing tool will be built using HTML and CSS.
```

## 2. Documentation Structure

We want to propose a method called "Directory Sub Branching".
Directory Sub branching means creating different sub branches in the content folder of the Thanos repository. Since the current architecture of Hugo is this:
```
|- archetypes
|- config.toml
|- content
|- data
|- layouts
|- static
|- themes

```

You can add aditional versioned content in different folders within the content directory. For example:
```

> content

Reviewer 2: I think I know what you mean but from this perspective it looks like it's a manual step (because you talk about automation in next section). Wonder if we can make it clear that docs are updates as usual now in `docs` on master, then releases are done via tags etc (:

Reviewer 2: It's not manual work anymore, so it's amazing but still we just store duplicated a lot (because we have already this content in git).

What about:

1. Just do everything on `/docs` on master
1. Release 0.14
1. Run some `make web / web-serve`
   1. Before anything, we generate those docs 
   1. ... rest of web command is done
  
NOTE: generated docs are not committed, just temporarily built, same as `public` dir.

Reviewer 2: ## Open question: 

* Specify what docs?
   * .. incompatible way?
   * Flexible configuration file:
          * docs.yaml 

### Option 1:

```
versioned:
   - docs/components/*.md
   - docs/storage2221241.md
```

   * We could have this file on master, so the current `make web` will 
          1. Parse on master docs.yaml and decide.
          1. Go to `release-0.12`
               1. Is there docs.yaml? Yes - parse and decide
                   No - use docs.yaml from master   

### Option 2 (chosen):

Single file
```
versioned:
   default:
   - docs/components/*.md
   - docs/storage.md
   
  overrides:
     release-0.12:
     - docs/storage2221241.md
```
~Problem: Manual edit of each release.~

### Option 3:

Change directory structure back in time (: 

* How we do fixes to release docs for older release e.g v0.12? (: 

What about editing `release-0.12` and commit. Then the tool fetches the latest on this branch and use it to generate docs.

"release is not just a certain tag with sem ver - it's actually a special git branch. For Thanos `release-.*`

We expect docs for minor version is what matters - not breaking with patch releases /  rc.

---
title: 'Building A Versioning Plugin For Thanos'
type: proposal
menu: proposals

> status: Approved

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
status: approved
```

##### How to specify what part of docs you want to version without cloning every part of the docs? docs.yaml

We hope to have a single flexible configuration file (`docs.yaml`) that will help the developer in specifying what part of docs he/she needs without cloning all the docs. We could have this as a single file on master. The config file will look like this:

```versioned:
   default:
   - docs/components/*.md
   - docs/storage.md

  overrides:
     release-0.12:
     - docs/storage2221241.md
```
##### Alternative path

We could have this file on master, so the current `make web` will

1. Parse on master `docs.yaml` and decide.
1. Go to that particular release (`i.e release-0.10`)
1. Is there docs.yaml?
    * Yes - parse and decide
    * No - use docs.yaml from master

The design of docs.yaml will look like this:

```versioned:
   - docs/components/*.md
   - docs/storage2221241.md
```
##### How would the plugin look like?

CLI (`make generate-versioned-docs`)

##### Workplan in terms of plugin placement?

We hope to start in Thanos project, then move project outside to a separate repo.

##### How we do fixes to release docs for older release e.g v0.12?

> We will edit the particular release (release-0.12) and commit. Then the tool fetches the latest on this branch and use it to generate docs. We expect docs for minor version is what matters - not breaking with patch releases.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We will edit the particular release (release-0.12) and commit. Then the tool fetches the latest on this branch and uses it to generate docs. We expect docs for minor version is what matters - not breaking with patch releases.
```

Don't follow `We expect docs for minor version is what matters - not breaking with patch releases.` sentence, can you rephrase?

Author: Alright What about this: `We expect to fetch docs for minor releases without breaking these releases with patches. We encourage immutability across all our releases in Thanos. `

## Requirements

#### User Story (Latest)

* As a Thanos developer, I want to be able to just write docs for my current `master` version
* As a Thanos developer, I want to build website within versioned docs with a single action
* As a Thanos developer, I don't want to store in a single repository version duplicated docs

#### User Story (Previous release)

* As a Thanos developer, I want to be able to fix docs for certain previous release.
* As a Thanos user, I want to be able to read docs for older version of Thanos

#### Use Case

- ##### Users
Thanos Developers, Hugo developers, and General Users

> - ##### Precondition

Reviewer 2: I don't think this exists in markdown ` - #####`

  -  The site responds by displaying a list of versions allowing the user to make a selection.
  -  User makes selection and the required docs renders on the page/site.

- ##### Postcondition

    The site now has a version picker containing a list of versioned docs consisting of both latest and older versions.

## Proposed Solution

#### 1. Version Picker

Currently, the documentation is residing under the docs/ folder of Thanos repository. It is built by Hugo. It will have a proper drop-down menu just like prometheus [`drop-down menu`](https://prometheus.io/docs/introduction/overview/) which will enable proper versioning. This user facing tool will be built using HTML and CSS

#### 2. Documentation Structure

We want to propose a method called "Directory Sub Branching".
Directory Sub branching means creating different sub branches in the `versioned-tmp` folder of the Thanos repository. Since the current architecture of the Thanos website is this:

```|- website
    |- archetypes
    |- layout
    |- data
    |- static
    |- resources
    |- tmp
        |- public
        |- docs-pre-processed
```

> We want to add aditional `versioned-tmp` folder within the website's `tmp` directory. For example:

Reviewer 2: do we need double `tmp`?

Author: lol..would effect some changes by removing "tmp" appended to `versioned`

3. CI run some `make web` or `Make web-serve` 
4. Before anything, CI generate those docs and stores in a `versioned-tmp` folder
5. rest of web command is done

_NOTE: generated docs are not committed, just temporarily built._

##### How to specify what part of docs you want to version without cloning every part of the docs? docs.yaml

We hope to have a single flexible configuration file (`docs.yaml`) that will help the developer in specifying what part of docs he/she needs without cloning all the docs. We could have this as a single file on master. The config file will look like this:

```versioned:
   default:
   - docs/components/*.md
   - docs/storage.md
   
  overrides:
     release-0.12:
     - docs/storage2221241.md
```
##### Alternative path

We could have this file on master, so the current `make web` will

1. Parse on master `docs.yaml` and decide.
1. Go to that particular release (`i.e release-0.10`)
1. Is there docs.yaml? 
    * Yes - parse and decide
    * No - use docs.yaml from master

The design of docs.yaml will look like this: 

```versioned:
   - docs/components/*.md
   - docs/storage2221241.md
```

> ## FAQ

Reviewer 2: I think this FAQ should be above the `##### How to specify what part of docs you want to version without cloning every part of the docs? docs.yaml` no? (:

Author: Okay...would apply changes ASAP

Author: Yes. I agree with you. FAQ should be above not below...

---
title: 'Building A Versioning Plugin For Thanos'
type: proposal
menu: proposals

> status: In-review

Reviewer 2: Let's move to `approved` once you address comments (:

Reviewer 2: ping

# Proposed Solution

## 1. Version Picker

Currently, the documentation is residing under the docs/ folder of Thanos repository. It is built by Hugo. It will have a proper drop-down menu just like prometheus [`drop-down menu`](https://prometheus.io/docs/introduction/overview/) which will enable proper versioning. This user facing tool will be built using HTML and CSS

## 2. Documentation Structure

We want to propose a method called "Directory Sub Branching".
Directory Sub branching means creating different sub branches in the `versioned-tmp` folder of the Thanos repository. Since the current architecture of the Thanos website is this:
```
|- website
    |- archetypes
    |- docs-pre-processed
    |- public
    |- data
    |- layouts
    |- static
    |- resources

```

We want to add aditional `versioned-tmp` folder within the website directory. For example:
```

|- website
    |- archetypes
    |- docs-pre-processed
    |- public
    |- data
    |- layouts
    |- static
    |- resources
    |- versioned-tmp
        |- master
        |- version 0.13.0
        |- version 0.12.2
        |- other-folder-for-other-releases

```

> _NOTE: `versioned-tmp` folder is not committed, just temporarily built, same as `public` and `docs-pre-processed` dir. The current version of docs lives in the `master` folder_

Reviewer 2: Maybe there should be `website/tmp` dir for all of this to make sure it's clear

### Workflow

1. Developer makes all the necessary edit on `/docs` on master
2. Developer proceeds by committing a new Release (i.e Release 0.x)
3. CI run some `make web` or `Make web-serve` 
4. Before anything, CI generate those docs and stores in a `versioned-tmp` folder
5. rest of web command is done

_NOTE: generated docs are not committed, just temporarily built._

### How to specify what part of docs you want to version without cloning every part of the docs? versioning-docs.yaml

We hope to have a flexible configuration file (`versioning-docs.yaml`) that will help the developer in specifying what part of docs he/she needs without cloning all the docs. We could have this file on master, so the current `make web` will
1. Parse on master `versioning-docs.yaml` and decide.
1. Go to that particular release (`i.e release-0.10`)
1. Is there docs.yaml? 
    * Yes - parse and decide
    * No - use docs.yaml from master

The design of docs.yaml will look like this 

```
versioned:
   - docs/components/*.md
   - docs/storage2221241.md

```

### Alternative design path for versioning-docs.yaml

We could have a single docs.yaml file that will look like this:

```

> versioned:

Reviewer 2: As discussed it would be awesome to have some `release-branch-regex` field, and for Thanos it would be just simple `release-.*`

   default:
   - docs/components/*.md
   - docs/storage.md
   
  overrides:
     release-0.12:
     - docs/storage2221241.md

```

# FAQ

This section consists of some important questions and answers that are frequently asked by users.

> #### What part of docs are we versioning?

Reviewer 2: This is obsolete now?

At the moment, we are versioning every part of the docs(components, contributing, operating, proposals, and Thanos respectively) to avoid complexity in the versioning process. At the moment, versioning some part of docs will make it difficult for us to maintain consistent docs across different versions thus leading to omission of some very important parts of the docs. We hope to achieve an MVP first, before we can proceed with building more features.

#### How would the plugin look like?

CLI (`make generate-versioned-docs`)

#### Workplan in terms of plugin placement?

We hope to start in Thanos project, then move project outside to a separate repo.

#### How we do fixes to release docs for older release e.g v0.12?

> We will edit the particular release (release-0.12) and commit. Then the tool fetches the latest on this branch and use it to generate docs. We expect docs for minor version is what matters - not breaking with patch releases.

Reviewer 2: What is the valid release branch? How the tool discovers the releases? (:

---
title: 'Documentation Versioning'
linkTitle: 'Documentation Versioning'
---

- Author: [Uchechukwu Obasi](https://github.com/thisisobate)
- Date: May 2020
- Status: proposal

## Problem

The Thanos website contains the docs area which is built by rendering the markdown files from the tip of master of the Thanos repository. This frequently causes confusion for users, as breaking changes are often merged into master that conflicts with the APIs of previous releases.

In this proposal, we want to solve this. In particular, we want to:

1. Build a Version Picker that serves as a tool which will aid easy access to other versions of the documentation. This picker will Include links to change version (the version must be in the URL).
2. A solid and robust Documentation structure.

> 3. Version specific pages of the documentation

Reviewer 2: What do you mean here? I think the granularity would be for all docs, not per single page? :thinking:  Whatever that means (:

Author: Excatly @bwplotka The ultimate idea is to have all the docs of the Thanos project versioned.

I'm actively getting alot of insights on how we could build a plugin to automate the versioning process. Surprisingly, I wasn't able to find any similar Hugo versioning plugin which presents an opportunity for us to build a useful solution that will be beneficial not only to Thanos, but also to the entire Hugo community as well 💯

### Version Picker

Currently, the documentation is residing under the docs/ folder of Thanos repository. It is built by Hugo. It will have a proper drop-down menu just like prometheus [`drop-down menu`](https://prometheus.io/docs/introduction/overview/) which will enable proper versioning. This user facing tool will be built using HTML and CSS.

### Documentation Structure

During the course of my research, I was able to deduce three different approaches of which we can solve this documentation structure issue.

1. Sub branching: Creating different sub branches in the content folder of the Thanos repository. Since the current architecture of Hugo is this:

|- archetypes
|- config.toml
|- content
|- data
|- layouts
|- static
|- themes

You can add aditional versioned content in different folders within the content directory. For example:

content
|- docs
|- master
|- docs-v2
|- docs-v3
|- other-folder-for-other-releases

_Note: The current version lives in the `docs` folder_

#### Example:

For `master` version we would be able to use the above links via the following path

```
/docs/master/components/
```

And for a minor version like `1.x`:

```
/docs/docs-v2/components/
```

> 2. Version Branching: You can decide to make each individual version to be a separate branch of it's own in the master repository.

Reviewer 2: We already do that. Each our minor release has it's own branch. `release-0.X` we can leverage that :hugs:

Author: Wow! Awesome! I believe that will make the work easier for us!

```
/docs/docs-v2/components/
```

2. Version Branching: You can decide to make each individual version to be a separate branch of it's own in the master repository.

3. We can as well use templates/themes that have these processes automated e.g docsy, docusaurus, etc

### Workflow

Choosing a workflow solely depends on the kind of documentation structure we implement in our repositoory. The Sub branching documentation structure, which was listed above, can utilize the central workflow of which everything is tied to the master repository. You can make changes by pulling from the master, edit, and push new changes back to master. We can as well decide to implement the Version Branching workflow. In this workflow, You make each individual version to be a separate branch of it's own in the master repository. So each time a particular version of docs is selected from the version picker tool, it loads that particular branch.

We can as well implement the Automated Scripting workflow. This allows us to use an automated script to get each content from each individual branch, and merge it to the latest branch.

### Building a versioning plugin/extension

> Creating a plugin that can automate these process would save us alot of development time and stress. This approach promises to be very useful when it comes to versioning different release in the Thanos website. This can be achieved by implementing any of the following possible approach:

Reviewer 3: Quick question, where there open source alternatives (plugins) where considered? if yes could you please list them and say why they wouldn't work. Maybe we can improve some other plugin instead of making our own?

Author: @povilasv During the course of my research, I wasn't able to find any open source alternatives (plugins) that could get the job done.

Although I found out that there are a couple of Hugo themes (such as Docsy and docusaurus ) that has scripts which automate the docs versioning process. These aforementioned themes were specifically built to support docs versioning and are quite used by alot of open source organisations.

I'm still doing more research to find out if there's an open source alternative (plugin) out there. If there exist a similar plugin, then I strongly believe it's best we improve it instead of making our own.

Reviewer 3: I see thank you! Maybe add this comment to your proposal? This will help people understand why are we doing this ;)

Author: Alright. Would definitely do that. Thanks alot @povilasv

> 1. Building a versioning plugin that can be integrated in different text editors which will help automate the entire versioning process.

Reviewer 3: Why do we need integration with different text editors? I imagine you would call `make generate-versioned-docs` or whatever and that's it?

Author: You've got some solid points @povilasv

I was just thinking out loud on how we can make this plugin more useful not just to the Thanos community, but also to the entire Hugo community as well.

But regardless, I think your approach would work best. Thanks for giving your thoughts on this; it's really helpful.

Reviewer 3: :+1:

2. Building a script that will automate these processes.

> 3. Building an interface that can automate these processes by just one click of a button.

Reviewer 3: an interface? Do you mean a web UI or what?

Author: The interface I was referring to is a web UI. I'm not quite certain on which approach would work best, but I think creating a script/plugin that you can call (make generate-versioned-docs) would work best. 

I need more ideas on how the plugin would look like.

The workflow for versioning using the plugin/script will look like this:

> 1. Create the latest version(master) of the docs by cloning content/docs of the immediate previous release into the latest version(master).

Reviewer 3: So the latest version of docs would point to latest release, i.e. thanos v0.12.2? or would it point to the master branch in git?

Author: The latest version of docs would point to latest release. From my understanding of the Thanos git workflow, each release has it's own branch. Inotherwords, each version would represent individual release branch, i.e. Release 1.x. 

@povilasv Your thoughts would be really helpful.

Reviewer 3: Yup that's correct, I think then maybe we need to change wording of that sentence a bit. Maybe something like this would do:
```
Create the latest version of the docs by cloning content of the master branch.
```

Author: Alright. Would effect the changes as soon as possible. Thanks for the feedback

Reviewer 3: :+1: no rush, thanks for doing this!

Author: It's such an honour for me to contribute to this amazing project!

- Date: May 2020
- Status: proposal

## Problem

The Thanos website contains the docs area which is built by rendering the markdown files from the tip of master of the Thanos repository. This frequently causes confusion for users, as different Thanos versions have different features.

In this proposal, we want to solve this. In particular, we want to:

1. Build a Version Picker that serves as a tool which will aid easy access to other versions of the documentation. This picker will Include links to change version (the version must be in the URL).
2. A solid and robust Documentation structure.
3. Design a workflow for managing docs that integrates with Thanos Git workflow ie updating corresponding docs on pull requests, cherry-picks, etc.

## Motivation

We werent able to find any open source alternatives (plugins) that could get the job done.

Although we found out that there are a couple of Hugo themes (such as Docsy and docusaurus ) that has scripts which automate the docs versioning process. These aforementioned themes were specifically built to support docs versioning and are quite used by alot of open source organisations.

> 

Reviewer 2: We should enumerate those (: 

The easiest is to make them in form of "use cases" (you read online) or even USER STORIES

* As a Thanos user I want to be able to read docs for older version of Thanos
* As a Thanos dev I want to be able to just write docs for my current "master" version.
* As a Thanos dev I want to be able to fix docs for certain previous release.

> 

Reviewer 2: * As a Thanos dev I want to build website within versioned docs within single button.

> 

Reviewer 2: As a Thanos dev I don't want to store in single repo version duplicated docs

> 

Reviewer 2: As a Hugo users, I want to use same thing to version docs in my projects as well!

> 

Reviewer 2: Also: Someting about that Prometheus would like to use it, and also it should work with doc search! (:

> 

Author: Nice. I think having user stories and use cases makes alot of sense. Would definitely include it to the proposal. Thanks for the feedback.

## Proposed Solution

### Version Picker

> Currently, the documentation is residing under the docs/ folder of Thanos repository. It is built by Hugo. It will have a proper drop-down menu just like prometheus [`drop-down menu`](https://prometheus.io/docs/introduction/overview/) which will enable proper versioning. This user facing tool will be built using HTML and CSS.

Reviewer 3: If its easy to do & not costly, lets version all of them?

> Currently, the documentation is residing under the docs/ folder of Thanos repository. It is built by Hugo. It will have a proper drop-down menu just like prometheus [`drop-down menu`](https://prometheus.io/docs/introduction/overview/) which will enable proper versioning. This user facing tool will be built using HTML and CSS.

Author: I think it's best we version all of them to avoid complexity ☺️

### Documentation Structure

During the course of my research, I was able to deduce three different approaches of which we can solve this documentation structure issue.

> 1. Sub branching: Creating different sub branches in the content folder of the Thanos repository. Since the current architecture of Hugo is this:

Author: That works perfectly fine. It enhances clearity and makes the proposal concise. Thanks for this 🙌

|- archetypes
|- config.toml
|- content
|- data
|- layouts
|- static
|- themes

You can add aditional versioned content in different folders within the content directory. For example:

content
|- docs
|- master
|- docs-v2
|- docs-v3
|- other-folder-for-other-releases

_Note: The current version lives in the `docs` folder_

#### Example:

For `master` version we would be able to use the above links via the following path

```
/docs/master/components/
```

And for a minor version like `1.x`:

```
/docs/docs-v2/components/
```

2. Version Branching: You can decide to make each individual version to be a separate branch of it's own in the master repository.

3. We can as well use templates/themes that have these processes automated e.g docsy, docusaurus, etc

> ### Workflow

Author: Alright. Would work on that

We can as well implement the Automated Scripting workflow. This allows us to use an automated script to get each content from each individual branch, and merge it to the latest branch.

### Building a versioning plugin/extension

Creating a plugin that can automate these process would save us alot of development time and stress. This approach promises to be very useful when it comes to versioning different release in the Thanos website. This can be achieved by implementing any of the following possible approach:

1. Building a versioning plugin that can be integrated in different text editors which will help automate the entire versioning process.
2. Building a script that will automate these processes.

> 3. Building a Web User Interface that can automate these processes by just one click of a button.

Reviewer 2: I think CLI is just fine for a start.

Author: Okay.

The workflow for versioning using the plugin/script will look like this:

1. Create the latest version of the docs by cloning content of the master branch.

> 2. The plugin Fetches the content/docs of all the previous versions using git tags

Reviewer 2: As talked offline, I think some tmp dir would be nice.

Some missing thing:
* What we can configure in this plugin, how we configure?
* How we tell what configuration files are versioned?
    * We talked about some `docs/versioned` directory structure. Older docs does not have that structure. How we solve that? This is not only for Thanos but also for Prometheus + other uses of Hugo
* How we tell what tags should be taken as "releases" or up to what release to take? Can I exclude certain release?
* How to fix some docs on certain release?

Author: Perfect! Would include that in the proposal too.

---
title: 'Building A Versioning Plugin For Thanos'
linkTitle: 'Building A Versioning Plugin For Thanos'
---

- Author: [Uchechukwu Obasi](https://github.com/thisisobate)
- Date: May 2020
- Status: proposal

## Problem

> The Thanos website contains the docs area which is built by rendering the markdown files from the tip of master of the Thanos repository. This frequently causes confusion for users, as breaking changes are often merged into master that conflicts with the APIs of previous releases.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Thanos website contains the docs area which is built by rendering the markdown files from the tip of master of the Thanos repository. This frequently causes confusion for users, as different Thanos versions have different features.
```

Reviewer 3: FYI we almost never break our users or do conflicting APIs.

Author: Wow! So sorry for the misconception. Would commit your suggestion ASAP.
Thanks for letting me know @povilasv

We can as well implement the Automated Scripting workflow. This allows us to use an automated script to get each content from each individual branch, and merge it to the latest branch.

### Building a versioning plugin/extension

Creating a plugin that can automate these process would save us alot of development time and stress. This approach promises to be very useful when it comes to versioning different release in the Thanos website. This can be achieved by implementing any of the following possible approach:

1. Building a versioning plugin that can be integrated in different text editors which will help automate the entire versioning process.
2. Building a script that will automate these processes.
3. Building a Web User Interface that can automate these processes by just one click of a button.

The workflow for versioning using the plugin/script will look like this:

1. Create the latest version of the docs by cloning content of the master branch.

> 2. Fetches the content/docs of all the previous versions from the branches using tags and save in contents directory of the latest version

Reviewer 3: Do we have to do this? Maybe instead we can make it so that when we hit v0.11.0.thanos.io it would just fetch the docs from git tag `v0.11.0` or smth similiar?

This would save our master branch always having all of the docs for other versions.

Author: Great suggestion @povilasv 
Would using the git tag `v0.11.0` fetch the entire release branch? or just the files in the `content/docs` directory?

Just curious

Reviewer 3: We can pull just the needed directory

Author: Alright @povilasv  Thanks for the clarification.
Would effect the changes and update the proposal
